spectator spawn editor (#1042)
TTT-2/TTT2: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed knife death effect being permanently applied on every following death
- Added `PANEL:MakeTextEntry(data)` to `DFormTTT2` for strings or string-backed cvars (by @EntranceJew)
- Added `damageScaling` property to `weapon_tttbase`, adjustable per item via "Balance Settings" under "Edit Equipment" in the F1 Menu (by @EntranceJew)

> - Added ability for spectators to enter "Spawn Edit" mode. (by @EntranceJew)

Reviewer: This should probably mention that you still need admin powers to do this, simply to prevent confusion.

```suggestion
- Allow admin spectators to enter "Spawn Edit" mode. (by @EntranceJew)
```
